
<b><size=25>10. COST OF SERVICE	</size></b>Viewa

The Viewa service is a free app download offered by MOCOM and available from the App Store and Google play, subject to the terms of use of each Application store.
The cost associated with any data download is as per the users data plan with the telecommunications provider of the device they are using the Viewa service on. Standard data rates apply. For any queries related to costs of data downloads please contact your telecommunications service provider.
Whilst MOCOM will endeavour to optimise file sizes to ensure the lowest bandwidth possible, the application and service have been designed in a way that also extends and heightens the readers experience. MOCOM cannot guarantee an acceptable usage of data if subject to overuse.
Costs associated with updating the Viewa service are subject to the policies outlined by the App Store and Google play.
All ecommerce transactions conducted through the Viewa service will be handled on the property of the supplier which you connect with to make your transaction. Alternatively the standard browser may open within the Viewa service (app) and take the user directly to the suppliers ecommerce website. In either circumstance, the ecommerce transaction is governed by the standard business guidelines of the Supplier.

<b><size=25>11. CONTENT IN THE SERVICES	</size></b>

You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags or other materials (“Content”), whether publically posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. MOCOM may not always control the material surrounding Content posted by the user via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of any Content it does not Control. You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will MOCOM be liable in any way for any Content including, but not limited to, any errors or ommissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service.
You should be aware that Content presented to you as part of the Viewa service may be protected by intellectual property rights that are owned by other users of the Viewa service, or by sponsors or advertisers who provide the Content to MOCOM for inclusion in the Viewa service. You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on this Content (either in whole or in part) unless you are specifically authorised under a separate written agreement with MOCOM or the owner of the Content.
(b) You understand that by using the Viewa service, you may be exposed to Content that you may find offensive, indecent or objectionable, and that, in this respect, you use the Viewa services at your own risk. MOCOM reserves the right (but has no obligation) to review, flag, filter, modify, refuse or remove any or all Content from the Viewa service at any time it deems necessary.
(c) You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that MOCOM has no responsibility to you or any third party for):
(i) any Content that you create, transmit or display while using the Viewa service; and
(ii) the consequences (including any loss or damage that MOCOM may suffer) of you doing so.

<b><size=25>12. SOFTWARE UPDATES	</size></b>

You may be prompted to download and install software updates. These updates are designed to improve, enhance and further develop the Viewa service and may take the form of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new software modules and completely new versions. You agree to receive or download (as applicable) such updates, and permit MOCOM to deliver them to you (in line with the standard terms of the App Store and Google Play), as part of your use of the Viewa service.

<b><size=25>13. EXTERNAL LINKS	</size></b>

(a) The Viewa service may include links to websites, content, advertising or other materials that are provided by persons or organisations other than MOCOM (“External Links”). MOCOM may have no control over any External Links.
(b) You acknowledge and agree that MOCOM is not responsible for the availability of, and does not endorse the content of, any such External Links.
(c) You acknowledge and agree that MOCOM is not liable for any loss or damage that you may suffer as a result of the availability of, or your access to, any External Links, including as a result of any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or available from, such External Links.