
<b><size=25>6. PASSWORD/ CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND SECURITY	</size></b>
Viewa
If you provide any password and/or confidential material in connection with your use of the Viewa service, then you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of such password and/or confidential material and understand that you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account.. You agree to immediately notify MOCOM, Apple and Google of any unauthorised use of your password or account or any other breach or security
It is your responsibility to ensure that you correctly exit from your account at the end of each session of use of the Viewa service.
MOCOM cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage suffered arising from your failure to comply with this section.

<b><size=25>7. FACILITIES AND DATA TRANSFER	</size></b>

All facilities used to store and process Customer Data will adhere to reasonable security standards no less protective than the security standards at facilities where MOCOM stores and processes its own information of a smiliar type. MOCOM and its partners have implemented at least industry standard systems and procedures to ensure that the security and confidentiality of Customer Data, protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of Customer Data,. As part of providing the Service to you, Google may transfer, store and process Customer Data in the United States or any other country in which MOCOM or its agents and/or affiliates maintain facilities. By using this service, you consent to this transfer, processing and transfer of Data.

<b><size=25>8. PROVISION OF SERVICES	</size></b>

While MOCOM and the Service Provider will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Viewa Services are accessible at all times, MOCOM cannot guarantee that this will be case. MOCOM will use all reasonable endeavours to post a notice on the Website if they we have prior notice of any maintenance that is expected to result in the Services being unavailable, MOCOM will use all its reasonable endeavours to post a notice on the Website notifying users of any such outage to the Viewa service. MOCOM is not responsible for any problems associated with the use of the public internet or of the individual users telecommunications/ data carrier.
The Viewa service is designed for use only with certain devices and require certain functionality to be enabled in order to properly function. Details of these requirements are specified in term 3 of these Terms of Service. These requirements may change over time to reflect evolving technologies. MOCOM will provide you with reasonable notice of any such changes.
While MOCOM endeavours to ensure that the Services are free from viruses and other harmful code, you are responsible for taking appropriate steps (including but not limited to updating the Viewa application) to protect your device and ensure that the Viewa Services is being utilised to its intended purpose.
In some instances, there may be material which is provided for particular users (ie users of a particular age group etc). In these instances, users will be required to confirm and verify their personal information in order to gain access to such Content. It is the responsibility of the user to ensure that they at all times provide true and accurate information regarding their personal information (including but not limited to data relating to age). The Promoter is neither responsible nor liable for any loss or damage suffered in the event that a user untruthfully provides information that provides them access to material not intended for their access.

<b><size=25>9. USERS CONDUCT	</size></b>

You agree to use the Viewa service only for the purposes permitted by the terms and any applicable laws, regulations or generally accepted practices or guidelines.
You agree not to access (or attempt to access) the Viewa service by any means other than through those approved by MOCOM, unless you have been permitted to do so in a separate written agreement with MOCOM.
You agree that you will not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the Viewa service.
You agree that you will not reproduce, duplicate, distribute, sell, trade or resell the Viewa Service (in part or as a whole) for any purpose.
By downloading Viewa you agree to not use the Service to:

a. Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
b. Harm minors in any way whatsoever;
c. Impersonate any person or entity, including but not limited to an MOCOM official forum leader, guide or host, service provider, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
d. Use the Viewa service in any way which breaks the laws governing the state and/or territory in which the Viewa service is being used;
e. You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that MOCOM has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations under the Terms
f. in any way commercialise the use of content. For the removal of doubt – all content is provided only for personal use.